docs: Added 0.8.X -> 0.9.X migration guide (#1805)
eclipse-tractusx/tractusx-edc: docs/migration/Version_0.8.x_0.9.x.md

It also outlines some points that adopters and operators should pay close attention to when migrating from one version
to another.

This document is not a comprehensive feature list.

<!-- TOC -->
* [Migration Guide `0.8.x -> 0.9.x`](#migration-guide-08x---09x)
  * [1. Strict Policy Definition Validation](#1-strict-policy-definition-validation)
  * [2. Removal of Azure based distributions](#2-removal-of-azure-based-distributions)
  * [3. Updated and Deprecated BPNL Group operators](#3-updated-and-deprecated-bpnl-group-operators)
  * [4. Database Migrations](#4-database-migrations)
<!-- TOC -->

## 1. Strict Policy Definition Validation

A new feature was added with EDC 0.11.0 that requires the connector to perform a deeper validation of a
policy definition during its creation/update. This feature prevents any new policy definition of having:

- an action, within a rule, that doesn't bound to any evaluation scope
- a constraint, within a rule, that its leftOperand is not bound to any evaluation scope or any evaluation function.

On simpler terms, it prevents the creation of any policy definition which will evaluate nothing.

> This feature is enabled by default in the distributed tractusx-edc helm charts.

Reviewer: So this means that it's always done automatically unless I remove the flag from my deployment? Makes sense.

If you don't use the distributed helm chart, and you still require this feature, it can be enabled via configuration
or environment variable via the following config:

`edc.policy.validation.enabled=true`

## 2. Removal of Azure based distributions

> As they were previously marked for deprecation, the azure based distributions were effectively removed and WILL NOT be
> distributed any longer.
> 
> If you installation relied on any tractusx-edc `azure-vault` distribution (either docker image or helm chart), please
> be notified that you will no longer find a distribution for this or future releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As they were previously marked for deprecation, the azure based distributions were effectively removed and WILL NOT be
distributed any longer.

If you installation relied on any tractusx-edc `azure-vault` distribution (either docker image or helm chart), please
be aware that the extensions still exist. You have to maintain your own EDC runtime, though, in order to use them in your environment.
```

Author: Thanks, this is important to note. I didn't add this suggestion directly but a flavor of it.

## 3. Updated and Deprecated BPNL Group operators

Special attention is necessary towards policy definitions that contain BPNL group constrains using either the `eq` or

> `neq` operators. These have been deprecated in favor of the `isAllOf`, `isAnyOf` and `isNoneOf` operators.

Reviewer: ...operators which are the proper operators for sets.

Additionally, the behavior of the `isAllOf` operator has been fixed since it previously failed validation for BPNLs
that were assigned to 3 distinct groups, 2 of which were the same as listed in the policy constrain.
The `isAllOf` now checks if a certain BPNL is assigned to all the groups allowed in the policy definition.

The `IN` operator was also fixed, since it evaluated the same as the faulty `isAllOf` operator.

> It now performs the same as the `isAnyOf` operator.

Reviewer: IN should not be part of the operators - probably we don't mention it? https://www.w3.org/TR/odrl-vocab/#:~:text=Constraint%2C%20LogicalConstraint-,3.14.4%20Operator,-Definition%3A

Reviewer: Then I would vote to remove mentioning it. It's not a supported ODRL operator and should be removed from code at some point, too.

Author: It is still in the code, and it was changed in this release, so hence the importance of being in this document. We should open an issue to discuss deprecating it.

  * [3. Updated and Deprecated BPNL Group operators](#3-updated-and-deprecated-bpnl-group-operators)
  * [4. Store Migrations](#4-store-migrations)
<!-- TOC -->

## 1. Strict Policy Definition Validation

A new feature was added with upstream EDC 0.11.0 that requires the connector to perform a deeper validation of a
policy definition during its creation/update. This feature prevents any new policy definition of having:

- an action, within a rule, that doesn't bound to any evaluation scope
- a constraint, within a rule, that its leftOperand is not bound to any evaluation scope or any evaluation function.

On simpler terms, it prevents the creation of any policy definition which will evaluate nothing.

This feature is enabled by default in the distributed tractusx-edc helm charts.
If you don't use the distributed helm chart, and you still require this feature, it can be enabled via configuration
or environment variable via the following config:

`edc.policy.validation.enabled=true`

## 2. Removal of Azure based distributions

As they were previously marked for deprecation, the azure based distributions were effectively removed and WILL NOT be

> distributed any longer. Be aware this has nothing to do with the cloud related extensions we support, such as Azure blob

Reviewer: Could we make this a bit more explicit? Removing azure based distributions will not remove the support for azure blob transfers but it will remove the distribution that contains the azure-vault? Is that it?

Author: I added a bit more context, by stating that what was removed were the azure vault based distributions.
